1. How has your knowledge of the tech field changed since class began? 

My knowledge of the tech field has changed significantly since I began this program back in October 2022. For example, I learned more about data analytics, algorithms, database management, cybersecurity, quality assurance, UI/UX principles. I have primarily wanted to stick to front-end development since I began programming, but I am grateful for this wealth of knowledge I have gained over the last few months.

2. What was the most difficult part of Foundations for you? And how did you overcome that?

The most difficult part of Foundations was Quality Assurance during week 6. Before the program, I was not very experienced with writing JavaScript unit tests, test cases, and bug reports. So, I had some trouble with during the end of week assessment. The assessment took me the entire weekend to complete. I overcame my issues with the assesssment by going through the demo and lab exercises to figure out what I was missing. This step was crucial for me to deploy that assessment to AWS properly. 

3. Did you learn anything about the way you learn? What was it?

I learned better ways to organize my notes and properly learn concepts that were new to me. I learned more when trying to practice new topics in VSC alongside the morning demos. Additionally, I learned and I absorbed more through explaining concepts to other people as well. 

4. How will you apply what you know about your learning style during Specializations?

I will apply this learning style while watching Specialization videos and during pair programming with other members of my cohort. During pair programming and troubleshooting projects, I will explain what I have learned and concepts of a given project. I plan to continue doing this even after specializations is done.

5. What was your experience with pair programming like?

My experience with pair programming has been good thus far! I have learned more about through speaking about concepts with my pair programming partners and working through the exercises. All of my partner were great to work with as well!

6. What parts of Foundations did you enjoy the most? (This could be anything from a specific lab or lecture to the general setup of class or a funny moment.)

Surprisingly, I really enjoyed the second week when we were working on design with Figma. When I first started software development, I did not enjoy working with Figma and had some trouble with visualizing how I wanted websites to look. This time around, I actually liked designing wireframes for the lab exercise that day and even for my capstone. I will continue to use Figma or an alternate for my future projects from now on.
